**MVTec LOCO AD: MVTec Logical Constraints Anomaly Detection** is a dataset for instance segmentation, semantic segmentation, object detection, and classification tasks. It is used in the anomaly detection research. Possible applications of the dataset could be in the industrial domain. 

The dataset consists of 3651 images with 1969 labeled objects belonging to 83 different classes including *contamination*, *missing_pushpin*, *color*, and other: *1_additional_pushpin*, *fruit_damaged*, *broken*, *wrong_cable_location*, *part_broken*, *missing_top_label*, *missing_bottom_label*, *wrong_fill_level_not_enough*, *wrong_juice_type*, *damaged_label*, *screw_too_long*, *screw_too_short*, *1_very_short_screw*, *bag_broken*, *front_bent*, *juice_color*, *missing_separator*, *swapped_labels*, *empty_bottle*, *wrong_fill_level_too_much*, *missing_connector*, *missing_cable*, *extra_cable*, *cable_color*, *broken_cable*, and 55 more.

Images in the MVTec LOCO AD dataset have pixel-level instance segmentation annotations. Due to the nature of the instance segmentation task, it can be automatically transformed into a semantic segmentation (only one mask for every class) or object detection (bounding boxes for every object) tasks. There are 2672 (73% of the total) unlabeled images (i.e. without annotations). There are 3 splits in the dataset: *train* (1778 images), *test* (1568 images), and *validation* (305 images). Alternatively, the dataset could be split into 5 categories: ***screw_bag*** (761 images), ***pushpins*** (751 images), ***splicing_connectors*** (732 images), ***juice_bottle*** (719 images), and ***breakfast_box*** (688 images), or into 3 classification sets: ***good*** (2658 images), ***logical_anomaly*** (561 images), and ***structural_anomaly*** (432 images). Additionaly, each image has tags for model evaluation: ***saturation_threshold*** and ***relative_saturation***. The dataset was released in 2021 by the MVTec Software GmbH, Germany.

Here is a visualized example for randomly selected sample classes:

[Dataset classes](https://github.com/dataset-ninja/mvtec-loco-ad/raw/main/visualizations/classes_preview.webm)
